PA11/README.md, before:

# PA11 - Disk Drop (Final Project)
<!-- comment format for markdown-->
## Group Members
Ashanti Cudiamat<br/><br/>
Courtney Palmer<br/><br/>
Christine Vaughan

## NOTES
remodel the board/ rotate the board so it's vertical and takes up more of the screen<br/>
make a christas tree shaped peg setup <br/>
as time progresses more disks will appear at a time<br/>
Maybe some fall faster than others (change weights)<br/>
We want to delete disks when they disappear from the screen<br/> 
add an invisible top to the board<br/>
Could change the angle of the board<br/>
life system or a timer based system<br/>
scoring<br/>

## Project Description
For our final project, we built a disk drop game.

## Cmake Instructions
The building of the project is done using CMake, installation with apt-get or brew may be necessary. Later use with CMake and Shader files will be require the copy of a directory where those files are stored (ex. shaders). To do this in the ```add_custom_target``` function place 
```cmake
COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E copy_directory ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/shaders/ ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/shaders
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make
```

## Command Line Instructions
First, make sure that the files were built using standard cmake procedures [described in the CMake Instructions section].

To run the program, navigate to your executable build folder and open a terminal. Then, run
```
./PA11 -v vLight-shader-v.txt fLight-shader-v.txt  -f vLight-shader-f.txt fLight-shader-f.txt
```
NOTES: 
<ul>
<li>The shaders files are provided in the Assets->Shaders folder. You can also use any vertex shader and fragment shader file when running the program. If new shader files are used, they must be added within Assets->Shaders prior to running the program. The -v flag must immediately precede the specefied vertex shaders and the -f flag must immediately preceed the fragment shaders, and the vertex shaders must go before the fragment shaders. There must be an equal number of vertex and fragment shaders, and matching shaders must go in the same order. For example, the first vertex shader after the -v flag is paired with the first fragment shader after the -f flag.</li>
<!--<li>There are several .obj and .mtl files provided within the Assets->Models folder. You may use any .obj and .mtl file as long as it has been placed inside the Assets->Models folder.The name of the desired .obj file must be added in the appropriate place in the config file to be added to the program.</li>
<li>There are several textures provided within the Assets->Textures folder. You may use any image file as long as it has been placed inside the Assets->Textures folder.The name of the desired texture must be added in the appropriate place in the config file to be added to the program.</li>
</ul>-->

## Controls

### Shaders
'f'      | Use fragment lighting shader<br/>
'v'      | Use vertex lighting shader<br/>
'c'      | Use flat lighting shader<br/>

### Lighting
'y'      | Decrease ambient light <br/>
'u'      | Increase ambient light<br/>
'j'      | Decrease diffuse light <br/>
'h'      | Increase diffuse light<br/>
'm'      | Decrease specular light <br/>
'n'      | Increase specular light<br/>

### Game
'right'  | Move basket right<br/>
'left'   | Move basket left<br/>
'l'      | Add Disk to Game<br/>
'k'      | Remove Disk from Game<br/>
'r'      | Respawn Disks<br/>

<!--### Pinball Controls
'p'/'e'  | Right Paddle<br/>
'i'/'q'	 | Left Paddle<br/>
'o'	     | Trigger Plunger - hold o to pull back further<br/>
'r'	     | Reset Game<br/>
't'	     | Top Down Camera view<br/>
'z'	     | Default Camera view<br/>
'x'	     | Follow Ball<br/>-->

## Extra Credit

Commit message:

Fixed minor issues w/ debugging and position updating

PA11/README.md, after:

# PA11 - Disk Drop (Final Project)
<!-- comment format for markdown-->
## Group Members
Ashanti Cudiamat<br/><br/>
Courtney Palmer<br/><br/>
Christine Vaughan

## NOTES
remodel the board/ rotate the board so it's vertical and takes up more of the screen<br/>
make a christas tree shaped peg setup <br/>
as time progresses more disks will appear at a time<br/>
Maybe some fall faster than others (change weights)<br/>
We want to delete disks when they disappear from the screen<br/> 
add an invisible top to the board<br/>
Could change the angle of the board<br/>
life system or a timer based system<br/>
scoring<br/>

## Project Description
For our final project, we built a disk drop game.

## Cmake Instructions
The building of the project is done using CMake, installation with apt-get or brew may be necessary. Later use with CMake and Shader files will be require the copy of a directory where those files are stored (ex. shaders). To do this in the ```add_custom_target``` function place 
```cmake
COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E copy_directory ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/shaders/ ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/shaders
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make
```

## Command Line Instructions
First, make sure that the files were built using standard cmake procedures [described in the CMake Instructions section].

To run the program, navigate to your executable build folder and open a terminal. Then, run
```
./PA11 -v vLight-shader-v.txt fLight-shader-v.txt  -f vLight-shader-f.txt fLight-shader-f.txt
```
NOTES: 
<ul>
<li>The shaders files are provided in the Assets->Shaders folder. You can also use any vertex shader and fragment shader file when running the program. If new shader files are used, they must be added within Assets->Shaders prior to running the program. The -v flag must immediately precede the specefied vertex shaders and the -f flag must immediately preceed the fragment shaders, and the vertex shaders must go before the fragment shaders. There must be an equal number of vertex and fragment shaders, and matching shaders must go in the same order. For example, the first vertex shader after the -v flag is paired with the first fragment shader after the -f flag.</li>
<!--<li>There are several .obj and .mtl files provided within the Assets->Models folder. You may use any .obj and .mtl file as long as it has been placed inside the Assets->Models folder.The name of the desired .obj file must be added in the appropriate place in the config file to be added to the program.</li>
<li>There are several textures provided within the Assets->Textures folder. You may use any image file as long as it has been placed inside the Assets->Textures folder.The name of the desired texture must be added in the appropriate place in the config file to be added to the program.</li>
</ul>-->

## Controls

### Shaders
'f'      | Use fragment lighting shader<br/>
'v'      | Use vertex lighting shader<br/>
'c'      | Use flat lighting shader<br/>

### Lighting
'y'      | Decrease ambient light <br/>
'u'      | Increase ambient light<br/>
'j'      | Decrease diffuse light <br/>
'h'      | Increase diffuse light<br/>
'm'      | Decrease specular light <br/>
'n'      | Increase specular light<br/>

### Game
'right'  | Move basket right<br/>
'left'   | Move basket left<br/>
'l'      | Add Disk to Game<br/>
'k'      | Remove Disk from Game<br/>
'r'      | Respawn Disks<br/>

### Misc.
'b'	 | Output physics objects and engine object arrays to terminal for debugging
'd' 	 | Change to Default Camera View
't'	 | Change to Top Down Camera View

<!--### Pinball Controls
'p'/'e'  | Right Paddle<br/>
'i'/'q'	 | Left Paddle<br/>
'o'	     | Trigger Plunger - hold o to pull back further<br/>
'r'	     | Reset Game<br/>
't'	     | Top Down Camera view<br/>
'z'	     | Default Camera view<br/>
'x'	     | Follow Ball<br/>-->

## Extra Credit
